LDView should be buildable with Visual Studio 6, Visual C++ Toolkit 2003, and
Visual C++ Express 2005.  Since Visual C++ Toolkit 2003 has been replaced by
Visaul C++ Express 2005, I won't be providing instructions for building with
Visual C++ Toolkit 2003.  (Scroll down for Visual Studio 6 instructions.)

Note that this should also build in the commercial version of Visual Studio
2005.  I believe that in that version, you can skip everything below related to
the Platform SDK.  (Start at the Boost section.)  I won't make guarantees,
though.


===============================================================================
============================== VC++ 2005 Express ==============================
===============================================================================

Install the Microsoft Platform SDK for Windows Server 2003 R2.  At the time of
this writing, this could be downloaded from the following location:

http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=A55B6B43-E24F-4EA3-A93E-40C0EC4F68E5

The above is the web install; a small installer is downloaded, and it downloads
the rest when you perform the install.  If you'd prefer to just download the
whole thing (400MB), you can go here:

http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=484269E2-3B89-47E3-8EB7-1F2BE6D7123A

In the Visual Studio IDE, go to Tool->Options.  In the tree view on the left,
navigate to the following location:

Projects and Solutions\VC++ Directories

In the "Show directories for" combo box in the upper right, select "Include
files".
Add the following two directories to the top of the list of directories:

C:\Program Files\Microsoft Platform SDK for Windows Server 2003 R2\Include
C:\Program Files\Microsoft Platform SDK for Windows Server 2003 R2\Include\atl

(Note that the base path will be different if you didn't install the Platform
SDK in its default location.  If that it the case, adjust accordingly.)  Next,
select "Library files" from the "Show directories for" combo box.  Add the
following directory to the top of the list:

C:\Program Files\Microsoft Platform SDK for Windows Server 2003 R2\Lib

(Once again, the base path will depend on where you installed the Platform SDK.)

Download the Boost library from http://www.boost.org.  After extracting it to
a directory somewhere, open a command window and go into the following directory
inside the location you extracted the library to:

boost_1_33_1\tools\build\jam_src


(Change boost_1_33_1 to match whatever version of boost you downloaded.)  Run
the following (include the quotes):

"C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio 8\VC\vcvarsall.bat"

(Note that the above assumes that you installed Visual C++ 2005 Express into the
default location.  If not, adjust accordingly.  Make sure to include quotes
around the entire command line if any part of the path contains spaces.)  Next,
run the following command:

build.bat

The above will create bjam.exe.  This should be located in the bin.ntx86 under
the current directory.  Copy that file to the main boost directory
(boost_1_33_1 in my case).  Next, run the following commands:

cd ..\..\..
bjam --with-thread -sTOOLS=vc-8_0 stage

When the above command complete, you should have the boost thread library built.
Now you need to copy files to the LDView source tree.  Copy the boost directory
inside the boost_1_33_1 directory into the boost\include directory in the LDView
source directory (so you end up with boost\include\boost).  Next, copy the
stage\lib directory into the boost directory in the LDView source tree (so that
you end up with boost\lib).

You should now be able to build LDView.  Just open LDView.sln, make sure LDView
is set as the default project, and build.



===============================================================================
=============================== Visual Studio 6 ===============================
===============================================================================

Install the February 2003 Microsoft Platform SDK.  This should be available from
the following location:

http://www.microsoft.com/msdownload/platformsdk/sdkupdate/psdk-full.htm

Please follow the directions on that page in order to install the SDK, since
it's rather unusual due to having been (essentially) deprecated.  Please note
that the Setup.exe program that you run will only work properly if Internet
Explorer is your default web browser.  If that isn't the case, just open the
default.htm web page in IE directly.  If prompted to do so by IE, make sure to
allow blocked content.

In the Visual Studio IDE, go to Tools->Options.  Select the Directories tab.  In
the "Show directories for" combo box in the upper right, make sure "Include
files" is selected.  Add the following two entries to the top of the list of
directories:

C:\Program Files\Microsoft SDK\include
C:\Program Files\Microsoft SDK\include\win64\atl

(Note that the base path will be different if you didn't install the Platform
SDK in its default location.  If that it the case, adjust accordingly.  Also
note that the win64 part is misleading.  It works fine in win32 also, and in
fact LDView cannot be successfully built and run in win64.)  Next, select
"Library files" from the "Show directories for" combo box.  Add the
following directory to the top of the list:

C:\Program Files\Microsoft SDK\lib

(Once again, the base path will depend on where you installed the Platform SDK.)

Download the Boost library from http://www.boost.org.  After extracting it to
a directory somewhere, open a command window and go into the following directory
inside the location you extracted the library to:

boost_1_33_1\tools\build\jam_src


(Change boost_1_33_1 to match whatever version of boost you downloaded.)  Run
the following (include the quotes):

"C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\VC98\Bin\VCVARS32.BAT"

(Note that the above assumes that you installed Visual Studio 6 into the default
location.  If not, adjust accordingly.  Make sure to include quotes around the
entire command line if any part of the path contains spaces.)  Next, run the
following command:

build.bat

The above will create bjam.exe.  This should be located in the bin.ntx86
directory under the current directory.  Copy that file to the main boost
directory (boost_1_33_1 in my case).  Next, run the following commands:

cd ..\..\..
bjam --with-thread -sTOOLS=msvc stage

When the above command completes, you should have the boost thread library
built.  Now you need to copy files to the LDView source tree.  Copy the boost
directory inside the boost_1_33_1 directory into the boost\include directory in
the LDView source directory (so you end up with boost\include\boost).  Next,
copy the stage\lib directory into the boost directory in the LDView source tree
(so that you end up with boost\lib).

You should now be able to build LDView.  Just open LDView.dsw, make sure LDView
is set as the default project, and build.
